hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
the XPS 15 two and one it's not designed
to replace the original XPS 15 they're
still making those it's more of like a
supplementary device for people that
want something that's a little more
versatile that can do like different
modes and stuff like this so it's a thin
and light - and one device that's using
the new cable 8g processors so those
have the AMD GPUs with the Intel CPUs
it's a very powerful system in a small
package so when you use this thing in
tablet mode it's not exactly the most
comfortable thing if you're gonna hand
hold it if you have just placed down for
taking notes or just doing things as a
like rested tablet perfect but if you're
gonna hold this thing it's a little big
it's comfortable it's usable but it is
big it's just a 15-inch screen is never
great for a handheld tablet device but
you can use it in tent mode or
presentation mode you can pop it up to
watch a movie you can play games you can
connect up a controller or a mouse and a
keyboard it's a really nice experience
to be up and close to your screen doing
stuff now the speakers are located in
the back here it's not the best location
the speaker sound okay I mean if there's
a difference between the regular XPS 15
speakers and these it's not a
substantial difference they sound okay
but the location isn't great and
especially you have an in tablet mode or
something it does muffle the sound the
ports on this device are all USBC so
there's four of them there's two on each
side and there's four lane PCIe support
if you're curious about external GPUs
there's no u s-- PA and there's only a
microSD slot which is a little weird to
me because I feel like this is a device
that's really great for creatives and
those are the type of people that would
use an SD slot but yeah you're stuck
with micro sd the charging is used PC
and we also have a battery indicator
which we see on XPS products I like
seeing that okay the display this is on
the 4k panel because that's the one that
I have here is an excellent display it's
very bright very color accurate you're
gonna like it
the original XPS 15 screen was already
good so expected good it's even better
than I thought it would be it's not as
bright as a macbook pro screen but I
mean I prefer the screen over the
MacBook Pros it's just more color
accurate it's just a nicer looking image
to me there's also a dedicated pen for
the two and one device low latency
really useful for creatives and see
the nib feels good to me it reminds me
of a surface product it's got a little
bit of texture to it when you're writing
on the glass the webcam still located on
the bottom it's got that standard like
up nose angle from the sps products but
because it's a two and one you can flip
it into ten mode and now we have a
normal looking image you also have
Windows hello for facial recognition and
there's also a fingerprint sensor at the
top of the keyboard so this keyboard is
a Maglev keyboard it uses magnets to
raise each key so instead of a spring or
switch it uses magnets to basically give
each key resistance and it's actually
one of its more interesting features the
purpose of this tech is to reduce the
thickness of this laptop so you don't
have a switch you don't have a dome you
basically shave a couple millimeters off
of the base now how does it feel
honestly when you first use it it's
gonna be a little bit different but you
get used to it quickly it feels not like
a butterfly switch from the Apple
keyboards but it just it feels different
the way that a butterfly switch felt
different from a regular trickly
keyboard this also feels different in
its own kind of way it's really hard to
describe this but you'll get used to it
that's the ones in that really matters
you get used to this thing very quickly
after like 24 hours 48 hours of using it
I'm very comfortable on it the keys feel
like they snap back to the resting state
a little faster than normal but yeah I
feel like most people like it the
trackpad is great it's your standard xks
trackpad glass surface with great
tracking and good button mechanics now
there is a glitch that I noticed and I
think it's a software thing if you have
three keys pressed down at the same time
like they have to be together at the
same time which probably won't happen
very often but if you do you sometimes
get other keys registering that you
didn't even press at all
it's infrequent and the reality is
you're probably not spamming three keys
at once together very often but it is a
thing right now hopefully they patch it
soon if you want to get inside here it's
really easy kind of like any of the
excuse products bunch of screws on the
bottom pops right off and inside you
have a removable drive which is great
the rain is soldered on though don't
love that and they've also gone with the
killer Wi-Fi card again which I also
don't love the battery life is not what
I expected it's actually a pretty big
battery 75 watt hours but the battery
life was short and I'm not sure if this
is a software thing or a driver thing or
something that can be improved over time
but right now I'm getting around five
hours of battery life at 215 it's on 75
watt hour battery which is a little
weird to me right I feel like on a
device like this I would have
affected like seven maybe eight pretty
comfortably I'm getting five it's a
solid performer it's running the I 787
zero 5g so the GPU pushes out really
similar performance to a GTX 1050 maybe
a little bit faster on some titles but
most modern games can run your 60 frames
per second if you lower the graphics
quality bit it's good not mind-blowing
though but keep in mind it's a thin and
light - and one laptop see what the
thermals they're fair if you're
expecting some crazy performance you're
gonna be disappointed in benchmarks I'm
not seeing any issues but if you play
heavier games for long enough it can
throttle they're using Gore material
like the XPS 13 to help channel the heat
away from the keyboard and away from the
bottom panel so it's comfortable to use
but if you wanted to pick up a machine
for heavy gaming this is probably not
the right one the video editing
performance is also good it's not as
good as like the new six core coffee leg
CPUs but it's pretty solid render times
a little bit slower than a six core but
the actual video editing experience is
very similar it's a good device for that
the fans come on more often than I'd
like
they're quiet under load but when you
stress the system hard it does get loud
okay I feel like Dell put a lot of
effort and time into making this thing
this isn't some kind of like half-ass or
half-baked attempt that we see from
other companies when it comes to two
more devices this is legit this is well
engineered it's well thought out I don't
love the battery life I hope it improves
I feel like it will improve but aside
from that this is a kick-ass device bear
in mind though this is not for everyone
if you're looking for like a traditional
clamshell laptop the XPS 15 like the og
one is gonna be a better option than
this but if you're creative if your
student if you're someone that wants the
portability of something that's really
diverse and can do a lot of different
things and you travel frequently and you
watch a lot of like media and watch a
lot of movies while you're traveling
this is really cool it's it's better for
a lot of things that the XPS 15 can't do
but if you're just looking for a
clamshell device that just does your
basic stuff XPS 15 oh gee version is a
better choice okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it subs have you loved it see
you guys next time
[Music]